# 2023-03-23

## English
Excuse me. I've lost some luggage so I'd like to make a lost luggage report.
Excuse me. I can't find my luggage. Here is my claim tag.
How many pieces of luggage have you lost?
Don't worry. Can you make a description of you luggage?
Can you tell me the features of your luggage?
It is a large black suitcase with my name tag.
When will I get my luggage?
How soon will I find out?
Could you please deliver the luggage to my hotel as soon as you've located it?
Excuse me, where is the taxi stand?
Excuse me, where can I catch a taxi?
Could you help me carry my luggage?
help me do sth.
Could you please take me to XXX hotel?
To this place, please.
Could you give me a brief tour of the city, please?
Could you wait for me?
Stop here please.
How much is it?
Keep the change.

Lost Luggage Report
Excuse me. I can't find my luggage. Here is my claim tag.
How many pieces of luggage have you lost?
One.
Don't worry. Can you make a description of your luggage?
It is a large black suitcase with my name tag. How soon will I find out?
As soon as we can.
Could you please deliver the luggage to my hotel as soon as you've located it?
OK.We will call you as soon as we have your luggage.

Take a taxi
Excuse me, where is the taxi stand?
It's over there.
Could you help me carry my luggage?
Where to?
XXX hotel, please. But could you give a brief tour of the city first, please?
No problem.
Stop here please.How much is it?
47 dollars.
Here you are. Keep the change.Bye





## words
* make a ... report: 做个登记
* claim tag: 行李牌
* description: 描述
* feature: 描述
* suitcase: 手提箱
* find out: 找到
* taxi stand: 出租车乘车站
* catch a taxi: 打出租车
* as soon as: 尽快
* deliver: 递送
* locate: 定位，找到
* brief tour: 短暂的游览
