# 2023-03-20

## English
I'd like to make a reservation for a cruise travel to Japan for 2 people by July 5th.
Where is the check-in counter for this flight?
Where can I check in this flight?
Passport, please?
The 9:40 flight to London, right?
Where are you flying?
- I am on the 9:40 flight to London.
- The 9:40 flight to Berlin connecting in London, 9:40.
Are you checking any bags?
How many bags will you be checking?
How many bags are you checking?
How much is a second checked bag?
How much does a second checked bag cost?
Please put your bag on the scale.
Your bag is overweight. There's a fee for bags oever 100 pounds.
I'll take a few things out and put them in my carry-on.
OK, I'll pay for it.
How much is it?
Can I pay with a card?/Can I pay by card?
Do you have any of these items in your checked bag?
Sir/Miss, could you please come behind the counter and open your bag?
There appears to be a battery in your bag.
It looks like there's a battery in your bag.
Do you have a seating preference?
Would you prefer an aisle or window seat?
Would you rather have a window or aisle?
I'll take an aisle seat.
I'd like a window seat.
Do you have one near the front? I'd like something near the front.
It doesn't matter. I don't care.
Anything is ok, but I don't want to be by an emergency exit.
Here's your boarding pass and passport.
Your boarding time is 8:50.
Your boarding time is in 15 minutes. So I suggest you hurry.
Where is the security check?
Go all the way down to the end and turn right.
Good afternoon, Miss. May I have your passport please?
Here you are.
Where are you flying?
The 6:30 flight to New York.
Are you checking any bags?
Just two bags. How much is a second checked bag?
Please put your bag on the scale. It's 45 dollars.
Can I pay by card?
Sure. Do you have any of these items in your checked bag?
No.
Ok.Would you prefer an aisle or window seat?
I'll take a window seat.
Here's your boarding pass and passport. Your boarding time is 5:50.
Where is the security check?
It's over there.
Thank you.Bye!
Have a nick flight! Bye!



## words
* cruise: 邮轮
* interior: 内舱房
* outside view: 窗户房
* balcony: 阳台房
* suite: 套房

